{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green35\blue42;\red255\green255\blue255;\red55\green140\blue216;
\red247\green247\blue247;\red38\green38\blue38;\red0\green0\blue233;\red245\green245\blue245;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 API Sleuthing\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl450\sa150\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What functionality the API provides?\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What functionality do you wish the API would provide? What limitations does it have?\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Are there rate limits that you need to be aware of?\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Can you find any example implementations on github where people have used these APIs to build apps. You may search for these using github search or google.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What type of security does the API use?\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What are the core modes that the API exposes (in the Marvel API these would be characters, comics, etc)?\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl450\sa450\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Make sure to include links to the developer documentation pages, any reference implementations your find, or any 3rd party blog posts that describe interacting with the API.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl450\sa450\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 NASA API\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://api.nasa.gov/api.html#authentication"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs30 \cf4 \cb5 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 https://api.nasa.gov/api.html#authentication}}
\f0\fs30 \cf4 \cb5 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \
 \
Provides: Astronomy Picture of the Day, asteroids and near Earth objects, Mars and Earth pictures\
\
Would love to see more planets, especially Pluto\
\
Limits: 
\f1\fs26 \cf6 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado255 \shadc0 Hourly Limit: 1,000 requests per hour\cb1 \

\f0\fs30 \cf4 \cb5 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \shad0 GitHub:  169 results using NASA API\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl576\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf6 \cb3 \ulnone \strokec6 You do not need to authenticate
\b0  in order to explore the NASA data. However, if you will be intensively using the APIs to, say, support a mobile application, then you should sign up for a{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://api.nasa.gov/index.html#apply-for-an-api-key"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 NASA developer key}}.\
\
Amazon.com API Gateway\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://aws.amazon.com/api-gateway/?sc_channel=PS&sc_campaign=acquisition_US&sc_publisher=google&sc_medium=api_gateway_b&sc_content=api_bmm&sc_detail=%2Bamazon%20%2Bapi&sc_category=api_gateway&sc_segment=73823701122&sc_matchtype=b&sc_country=US&s_kwcid=AL!4422!3!73823701122!b!!g!!%2Bamazon%20%2Bapi&ef_id=VwlQpQAABX43TzMI:20160711211110:s"}}{\fldrslt https://aws.amazon.com/api-gateway/?sc_channel=PS&sc_campaign=acquisition_US&sc_publisher=google&sc_medium=api_gateway_b&sc_content=api_bmm&sc_detail=%2Bamazon%20%2Bapi&sc_category=api_gateway&sc_segment=73823701122&sc_matchtype=b&sc_country=US&s_kwcid=AL!4422!3!73823701122!b!!g!!%2Bamazon%20%2Bapi&ef_id=VwlQpQAABX43TzMI:20160711211110:s}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl385\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf6 \cb8 The Amazon API Gateway free tier includes one million API calls per month for up to 12 months.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf6 \cb1 $3.50 per million API calls received, plus the cost of data transfer out, in gigabytes.\
\
multiple security   tools\
https endpoints\
\
GitHub: 918 results\
\
Library of Congress API  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/about/api/"}}{\fldrslt http://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/about/api/}}\
\
Goodreads api {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/api"}}{\fldrslt http://www.goodreads.com/api}}\
\
get information about authors, book reviews, etc.\
seems to have less detailed information about single titles\
get a developer key\
has authorization\
GitHub 95 results
\f0\fs30 \cf4 \cb5 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \
}